[#AppendixB]
== Transaction Types

[#AppendixB_TransactionTypesforCreditCard]
=== Credit Card

[%autowidth]
|===
|Transaction Type |Name |Description

|adjust-capture |Adjust Capture |Adjusts funds from the [Card Holder] to
[Merchant Account].

|adjust-offline-purchase |Adjust Offline Purchase |Adjusts funds from
the [Card Holder] to [Merchant Account].

|adjust-purchase |Adjust Purchase |Adjusts funds from the [Card Holder]
to [Merchant Account].

|authorization |Authorization  |Reserves funds from the [Card Holder]'s
account. 7 days left to conduct a [Capture] on this transaction.

|authorization-only |Authorization Only |Verifies the card's validity
without leaving an authorized amount.

|authorization-supplementary |Authorization Supplementary |Reserves
additional funds from the [Cardholder]'s account following an
[Authorization]. 7 days left to conduct a [Capture] on this transaction.

|batch-upload |Batch Upload |Acquirer file update advice.

|capture-authorization |Capture Authorization |Takes funds from the
[Card Holder]'s account. Must follow an [Authorization] or
[Authorization Supplementary] chain.

|capture-final-auth |Capture Final Authorization |Takes funds from the
[Card Holder]'s account. Must follow an [Final-Authorization] chain.

|capture-preauthorization |Capture Preauthorization |Takes funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account. Must follow an [Preauthorization] chain.

|check-enrollment |3D Check Enrollment |Verifies the 3D participation of
a card using card scheme directory server and/or ACS.

|check-payer-response |3D Check Payer Response |Verifies that the
cardholder authenticated the transaction within the 3D Secure Program.

ifndef::env-nova[]
|check-risk |Check Risk |Checks the risk profile of the transaction
information, without submitting a payment.
endif::[]

|check-signature |Check Signature |Validates digital signature for a
[Payment Page] transaction.

ifndef::env-nova[]
|credit |Credit |Moves funds from the [Merchant] to the [Account
Holder].

|detokenize |Detokenize |Provides sensitive Credit Card Data from a
unique [Card Token].
endif::[]

|final-authorization |Final Authorization |Reserves funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account. 7 days left to conduct a
[Capture-final-authorization] on this transaction.

|first-cb |First Chargeback |First Chargeback

|first-cb-rep |First Chargeback Rep |First Chargeback Representment

|first-cb-succ-rep |First Chargeback Rep Successful |First Chargeback
Representment Success

|first-cb-unsucc-rep |First Chargeback Rep Unsuccessful |First
Chargeback Representment Unsuccessful

|get-url |Get URL |A step in a group of transactions where the provider
or bank's URL is retrieved for the [Account Holder] to be redirected to.

|offline-purchase |Offline Purchase |Takes funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account. A successful Purchase transaction completed offline
at Point Of Sale.

ifndef::env-nova[]
|original-credit |Original Credit |Gives funds to the [Cardholder]'s
account, NOT referring to an eligible [Purchase] or [Capture].
endif::[]

|preauthorization |Preauthorization a|Reserves funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account. 7 days left to conduct a [Capture-preauthorization]
on this transaction.

[NOTE]
Mastercard allows up to 30 days to conduct a [Capture-preauthorization]
depending on the configuration.


|purchase |Purchase  |Takes funds from the [Card Holder]'s account. A
one-step process to conduct two Transaction Types: [Authorization] and
[Capture].

ifndef::env-nova[]
|referenced-authorization |Referenced Authorization |Reserve funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account.  Identical to a [Authorization] except for
the fact that it refers to a previous [Authorization] transaction.

|referenced-purchase |Referenced Purchase |Takes funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account.  Identical to a [Purchase] except for the fact that
it refers to a previous [Purchase] transaction.
endif::[]

|refund-capture |Refund Capture |Gives funds to the [Card Holder]'s
account, referring to an eligible [Capture].

|refund-off-purchase |Refund Offline Purchase |Gives funds to the [Card
Holder]'s account, referring to an eligible [Offline Purcahse].

|refund-purchase |Refund Purchase |Gives funds to the [Card Holder]'s
account, referring to an eligible [Purchase].

|refund-request |Refund request |A request to give funds to the [Card
Holder]'s account, referring to an eligible [Capture/Purchase].

|retrieval-request |Retrieval Request |Retrieval Request

|retrieval-request-rep |Retrieval Request Rep |Retrieval Request
Representment

|reversal-authorization |Reversal Authorization |Frees reserved funds
from the [Card Holder]'s account. Please use _Reversal Authorization_,
if a system initiates the transaction (e.g. to inform about a system's
time-out).

|reversal-purchase |Reversal Purchase |Frees reserved funds from the
[Card Holder]'s account.

|reversal-refund-capture |Reversal Refund Capture |Frees reserved funds
from the [Card Holder]'s account due to an [Refund Capture].

|reversal-refund-off-purchase |Reversal Refund Offline Purchase |Frees
reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account due to an [Refund
Offline Purchase].

|reversal-refund-purchase |Reversal Refund Purchase |Frees reserved
funds from the [Card Holder]'s account due to a [Refund Purchase].

|reversal-standalone-refund |Reversal Standalone Refund |Frees reserved
funds from the [Card Holder]'s account due to a [Standalone Refund].

|reversal-void-auth |Reversal Void Authorization |Frees reserved funds
from the [Card Holder]'s account.

|reversal-void-capture |Reversal Void Capture |Frees reserved funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account.

|reversal-void-off-purchase |Reversal Void Offline Purchase |Frees
reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account.

|reversal-void-purchase |Reversal Void Purchase |Frees reserved funds
from the [Card Holder]'s account.

|reversal-void-refund-capture |Reversal Void Refund Capture |Frees
reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account.

|reversal-void-refund-off-purch |Reversal Void Refund Offline Purchase
|Frees reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account.

|reversal-void-refund-purchase |Reversal Void Refund Purchase |Frees
reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account.

|reversal-void-st-refund |Reversal Void Standalone Refund |Frees
reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account.

|second-cb |Second Chargeback |Second Chargeback

|second-cb-rep |Second Chargeback Rep |Second Chargeback Representment

|second-cb-succ-rep |Second Chargeback Rep Successful |Second Chargeback
Representment Success

|second-cb-unsucc-rep |Second Chargeback Rep Unsuccessful |Second
Chargeback Representment Unsuccessful

|settlement |Settlement |Acquirer reconciliation request.

|settlement-close |Settlement Close |Settlement Close - It's sent after
the upload

|standalone-refund |Standalone Refund |Gives funds to the [Card
Holder]'s account without referring to an eligible [Capture] or
[Purchase]

|tc-upload |Tc Upload |After a transaction is completed, the terminal
may update some ICC data elements

|tokenize |Tokenize |Provides a unique [Card Token] from sensitive
Credit Card Data.  The [Card Token] can be used in subsequent
transactions instead of the card information itself.

|void-auth-supplementary |Void Authorization Supplementary |Voids an
upwardly adjustment of an existing authorization.

|void-authorization |Void Authorization |Frees reserved funds from the
[Card Holder]'s account due to an [Authorization] or chain of
[Authorization Supplementary]s. Please use _Void Authorization_, if a
merchant initiates an action, e.g. the cancelation of a transaction.

|void-capture |Void Capture |Frees reserved funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account due to a [Capture].

|void-capture-final-auth |Void Capture Final Authorization |Frees
reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account due to a
[Capture-final-authorization].

|void-capture-preauthorization |Void Capture Preauthorization |Frees
reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account due to a
[Capture-preauthorization].

ifndef::env-nova[]
|void-credit |Void Credit |Frees reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s
account due to a [Credit].
endif::[]

|void-final-authorization |Void Final Authorization |Frees reserved
funds from the [Card Holder]'s account due to an [Final-authorization].

|void-offline-purchase |Void Offline Purchase |Frees reserved funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account due to a [Offline Purchase].

ifndef::env-nova[]
|void-original-credit |Void Original Credit |Frees reserved funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account due to a [Orginal Credit].
endif::[]

|void-preauthorization |Void Preauthorization |Frees reserved funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account due to an [Preauthorization].

|void-purchase |Void Purchase |Frees reserved funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account due to a [Purchase].

|void-refund |Void Refund |Frees reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s
account due to an [Refund].

|void-refund-capture |Void Refund Capture |Frees reserved funds from the
[Card Holder]'s account due to an [Refund Capture].

|void-refund-off-purchase |Void Refund Offline Purchase |Frees reserved
funds from the [Card Holder]'s account due to an [Refund Offline
Purchase].

|void-refund-purchase |Void Refund Purchase |Frees reserved funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account due to an [Refund Purchase].

|void-standalone-refund |Void Standalone Refund |Frees reserved funds
from the [Card Holder]'s account due to a [Standalone Refund].
|===

//-
